Docs: add instructions for adding known organizations (#1337)
aragon/aragon: docs/KNOWN_ORGANIZATIONS.md

# Known organizations

> Want to have your organization's swanky cool name and logo show up in the Client instead of an identicon? Just follow these steps!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to have your organization’s swanky cool name and logo show up in the Client instead of an identicon? Just follow these steps!
```

> 1. Add your organization's icon (preferrably as an optimized SVG or PNG) to [`src/known-organizations/assets/`](https://github.com/aragon/aragon/tree/master/src/known-organizations/images).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add your organization’s icon (preferably as an [optimized SVG](https://github.com/svg/svgo) or [PNG](https://pngquant.org/)) to [`src/known-organizations/assets/`](https://github.com/aragon/aragon/tree/master/src/known-organizations/images).
```

2. Go to [`src/known-organizations/index.js`](https://github.com/aragon/aragon/blob/master/src/known-organizations/index.js) and add your organization to the Map.

> All done! If you have any questions, don't hesitate to [file an issue to ask for help](https://github.com/aragon/aragon/issues/new/choose)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All done! If you have any questions, don’t hesitate to [file an issue to ask for help](https://github.com/aragon/aragon/issues/new/choose)!
```
